Evaluation for deeplab
test set: synth
finetune: cracks experts
Evaluation for deeplab
test set: synth
finetune: cracks experts
Evaluation for deeplab
test set: synth
finetune: cracks experts
Evaluation for deeplab
test set: synth
finetune: cracks prac
Evaluation for deeplab
test set: synth
finetune: cracks prac
Evaluation for deeplab
test set: synth
finetune: cracks prac
Evaluation for deeplab
test set: synth
finetune: cracks novice
Evaluation for deeplab
test set: synth
finetune: cracks novice
Evaluation for deeplab
test set: synth
finetune: cracks novice
Evaluation for deeplab
test set: synth
finetune: thebe
Evaluation for deeplab
test set: synth
finetune: thebe
Evaluation for deeplab
test set: synth
finetune: thebe
Evaluation for deeplab
test set: synth
pretrain_synth
Evaluation for deeplab
test set: synth
pretrain_synth
Evaluation for deeplab
test set: synth
pretrain_synth
